and here's the beauty making a video here today
It's different being a box from my first
telescope comprises 17 amazon
telescope on great friend's day
jean and from andré the galera that me
greatly encouraged
I've always liked the space since I was a kid
Did you meet jean and yourself with these
things of space economy incentive but
It's still worth jamor and andré and we'll open it
that led the team's tactical force
ranking
one of the boxes
the other world
so the team goes back to the foot flag
I see here law
No one is going to put on my heavy weight.
adopt the green here to do the
fine tuning a world number 3 key
crazy there to ride that will give
work to another cuba
on day 19 90
things here
z
missing really is small
the next video will be from the montage
thanks